updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#17399)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wpf/graphics-multimedia/how-to-control-key-frame-animation-timing.md

For simplicity, the code versions of this example use local animations, not storyboards, because only a single animation is being applied to a single property, but the examples may be modified to use storyboards instead. For an example showing how to declare a storyboard in code, see [Animate a Property by Using a Storyboard](how-to-animate-a-property-by-using-a-storyboard.md).

> For the complete sample, see [KeyFrame Animation Sample](https://github.com/dotnet/samples/tree/master/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_Wpf/keyframes_snip/CSharp). For more information about key frame animations, see the [Key-Frame Animations Overview](key-frame-animations-overview.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the complete sample, see [KeyFrame Animation Sample](https://github.com/microsoft/WPF-Samples/tree/master/Animation/KeyFrameAnimation). For more information about key frame animations, see the [Key-Frame Animations Overview](key-frame-animations-overview.md).
```
